c:\users\lovessea\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NetSpeedTest\NetSpeedTest\bin\Debug\NetSpeedTest.exe
c:\users\lovessea\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NetSpeedTest\NetSpeedTest\bin\Debug\NetSpeedTest.pdb
c:\users\lovessea\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NetSpeedTest\NetSpeedTest\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\lovessea\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NetSpeedTest\NetSpeedTest\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.Resources.dll
c:\users\lovessea\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NetSpeedTest\NetSpeedTest\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\lovessea\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NetSpeedTest\NetSpeedTest\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
c:\users\lovessea\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NetSpeedTest\NetSpeedTest\bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\lovessea\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NetSpeedTest\NetSpeedTest\bin\Debug\en\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\lovessea\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NetSpeedTest\NetSpeedTest\bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\lovessea\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NetSpeedTest\NetSpeedTest\bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\lovessea\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NetSpeedTest\NetSpeedTest\bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\lovessea\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NetSpeedTest\NetSpeedTest\bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\lovessea\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NetSpeedTest\NetSpeedTest\bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\lovessea\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NetSpeedTest\NetSpeedTest\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\lovessea\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NetSpeedTest\NetSpeedTest\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\users\lovessea\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NetSpeedTest\NetSpeedTest\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\lovessea\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NetSpeedTest\NetSpeedTest\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\lovessea\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NetSpeedTest\NetSpeedTest\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\lovessea\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NetSpeedTest\NetSpeedTest\obj\Debug\NetSpeedTest_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\lovessea\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NetSpeedTest\NetSpeedTest\obj\Debug\NetSpeedTest.g.resources
c:\users\lovessea\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NetSpeedTest\NetSpeedTest\obj\Debug\NetSpeedTest.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lovessea\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NetSpeedTest\NetSpeedTest\obj\Debug\NetSpeedTest.exe
c:\users\lovessea\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NetSpeedTest\NetSpeedTest\obj\Debug\NetSpeedTest.pdb
c:\users\lovessea\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\NetSpeedTest\NetSpeedTest\obj\Debug\网络延迟测试.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\lovessea\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NetSpeedTest\NetSpeedTest\obj\Debug\NetSpeedTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\lovessea\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\NetSpeedTest\NetSpeedTest\obj\Debug\Resources\style\Colors.baml
C:\Users\lovessea\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PowerProjects\NetSpeedTest\bin\Debug\NetSpeedTest.exe
C:\Users\lovessea\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PowerProjects\NetSpeedTest\bin\Debug\NetSpeedTest.pdb
C:\Users\lovessea\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PowerProjects\NetSpeedTest\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\lovessea\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PowerProjects\NetSpeedTest\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.Resources.dll
C:\Users\lovessea\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PowerProjects\NetSpeedTest\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\lovessea\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PowerProjects\NetSpeedTest\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
C:\Users\lovessea\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PowerProjects\NetSpeedTest\bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\lovessea\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PowerProjects\NetSpeedTest\bin\Debug\en\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\lovessea\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PowerProjects\NetSpeedTest\bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\lovessea\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PowerProjects\NetSpeedTest\bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\lovessea\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PowerProjects\NetSpeedTest\bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\lovessea\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PowerProjects\NetSpeedTest\bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\lovessea\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PowerProjects\NetSpeedTest\bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\lovessea\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PowerProjects\NetSpeedTest\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\lovessea\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PowerProjects\NetSpeedTest\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\lovessea\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PowerProjects\NetSpeedTest\obj\Debug\NetSpeedTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\lovessea\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PowerProjects\NetSpeedTest\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\lovessea\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PowerProjects\NetSpeedTest\obj\Debug\Resources\style\Colors.baml
C:\Users\lovessea\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PowerProjects\NetSpeedTest\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\lovessea\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PowerProjects\NetSpeedTest\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\lovessea\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PowerProjects\NetSpeedTest\obj\Debug\NetSpeedTest_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\lovessea\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PowerProjects\NetSpeedTest\obj\Debug\NetSpeedTest.g.resources
C:\Users\lovessea\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PowerProjects\NetSpeedTest\obj\Debug\网络延迟测试.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\lovessea\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PowerProjects\NetSpeedTest\obj\Debug\NetSpeedTest.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\lovessea\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PowerProjects\NetSpeedTest\obj\Debug\NetSpeedTest.exe
C:\Users\lovessea\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PowerProjects\NetSpeedTest\obj\Debug\NetSpeedTest.pdb
